Everyone This is very important information about writing your thesis documentation.  The worst paragraphs in a thesis are those so generic that they apply to all thesis and are not project-specific.  Its only interesting to read the parts of a thesis which are very project specific and even experience-specific, tied to the details and troubles you encountered during your time and efforts.  Be very careful as LLMs if not given a lot of context in the prompt tend to produce very boring and generic encyclopedia like information - a little of this in a thesis is okay, but it should be kept to a minimum.
 
User documentation: 20 pages total needed and the first around 5 pages should be devoted to system requirements and configuration.  Even if you deploy to the cloud, you should also tell the user how to configure all aspects including their own accounts whether you use a public service such as OpenAI, DeepSeek, Azure, Google FireBase, MongoDB, etc.  You must link inline or bibliography (a choice only for the user doc), to all configuration guides for all tools and libraries.  E.g. if you Python, npm, flask, SpringBoot link to the respective configuration guide.  You should not specify how to configure libraries or tools, only your own configuration, starting from cloning your repository (or equivalently unzipping your Neptun code).  The next 15 pages will have a lot of screenshots and contain explanations showing how to use your site.  If you consider developers to also be users of your application e.g. if you have a REST API, then you can document that documentation in the user documentation.  If you do not consider developers to be users of your site, then such information belongs in the Design section.
 
Design: around 10 pages at least 3-4 high quality figures, general design principles, absolutely no mention of tools, technologies or languages, etc, keep it general and design focused.  Optionally include design shortcomings at the end or places you would consider a better design or a redesign.
 
Implementation: around 10 pages, you must list all tools, technologies and languages and link every developer documentation for every single one of them.  You can show interesting code snippets and explain why they are interesting.  Think about all the interesting technical details that we discussed in meetings, and make sure to list them and have discussions about problems your implementation strategy solved.  At the end you must spend a page or two at least discussing implementation short comings.  There will be bugs in your project with advanced features, or problematic security aspects, among other things.  Your execution demo will test only critical and basic functionality, but you still lose points if advanced functionality does not work and it is not professionally documented in the thesis.  So do not forget to admit all the places that if you had more time would benefit from additional efforts.
 
Testing: around 10 pages, variety is the key here.  Some coded or automated tests are generally important but not strictly necessary if the code already carries enough complexity.  Testing can be any variety of unit tests, functional tests, coded UI tests, a manual test plan (an example will be provided), even fuzz testing, stress testing, performance testing, and one way to show your testing if you used tools is by showing a terminal with output and explaining how you used it to test, or for those with REST API, a tool like PostMan, or for those with databases, a database table viewer tool, or for those doing a website, the browser developer tools network recording tab or elements tab, etc.  The key is to not just put pictures but to explain very thoroughly the test case and expected result.  Note we do not consider debugging here, that discussion belongs in the implementation section from my understanding, so its not about a perspective of fixing problems, its a perspective of validating correct function.  Showing a good variety of thoughtful tests will therefore take care of this section.
 
Writing the thesis should actually be quite easy and straight forward and not difficult, which is why I am giving some ideas here, if you are stuck of course reach out to me, otherwise I will review your drafts and tell you what is needed to secure all the points.